Add migration guide and make small updates (#314)
plotly/Kaleido: src/py/README.md

# Pre-Launch Kaleido v1.0.0

Kaleido allows you to convert plotly figures to images. Kaleido v1 is currently available as a release candidate.

## Migrating from v0 to v1

Kaleido v1 introduces a new API. If you're currently using v0, you'll need to make changes to your code and environment where you are running Kaleido.

> - Chrome is no longer included with Kaleido. Kaleido will look for an existing Chrome installation, but also provides commands for installing Chrome. If you don't have Chome, you'll need to install it. See the following installation section for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
- Chrome is no longer included with Kaleido. Kaleido will look for an existing Chrome installation, but also provides commands for installing Chrome. If you don't have Chrome, you'll need to install it. See the following installation section for more details.
```

- `kaleido.scopes.plotly` has been removed in v1. Kaleido v1 provides `write_fig` and `write_fig_sync` for exporting Plotly figures.
  ```
  from kaleido import write_fig_sync
  import plotly.graph_objects as go

  fig = go.Figure(data=[go.Scatter(y=[1, 3, 2])])
  kaleido.write_fig_sync(fig, path="figure.png")
  ```
  See the Quickstart section below for more details on usage for v1.

> Note: The Kaleido v1 release candidate is not yet integrated with Plotly.py, meaning [`write_image` and `to_image` functions and methods in Plotly.py](https://plotly.com/python/static-image-export/) won't yet work with v1. Support for Kaleido v1 with Plotly.py will be added in Plotly.py v6.1.

Author: ```suggestion
Note: Kaleido v1 works with Plotly v6.1.0 and later.
```
